Enh/init readme 3 (#4)
Paeti/IPNeuronaleNetze: README.md

## IPNeuronaleNetze

We are currently building a VGG-16 convolutional neural network. It'll be trained for age and gender estimitation.

> For better usage of the trained modell a webserver and RESTapi will be built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better usage of the trained model a webserver and REST API will be built.
```

## Motivation

We're all interested in ai and neural networks and want to learn something about how to implement one.
So we're happy that we could choose this as a project at our university, the FH Aachen.

## Build status

[![Build Status](http://136.243.36.114/api/badges/paeti/IPNeuronaleNetze/status.svg)](https://drone.io)

## Code style

[![PEP8](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-pep8-orange.svg)](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)

## Tech/framework used

<b>Built with</b>
- [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
- [Keras](https://keras.io/)
- [Opencv](https://opencv.org/)
- [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Drone CI](https://drone.io/)

Tensorflow and keras are used to build the neural network and to train it.
Opencv is usesd to prepare the images.

> We are using Flask for setting up a simple RESTapi. Which handles the interaction with our frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using Flask for setting up a simple REST API. Which handles the interaction with our frontend.
```
